evening guys today has been such a busy
day how you doin by the way I didn't ask
you so um yeah there's been so busy
because I'm prepping for insomnia and I
I managed to get almost everything done
I've got a couple videos to edit from
nails to make I'll do those in the
morning
I got up a half 6:00 this morning it's
now 7:00 in the evening and I'm still
working on videos absolutely cray-cray
so I need to I just reloaded something
which is the turbo dismount video
hopefully you've seen that by now if you
haven't something went incredibly wrong
but it was uploaded but now it's going
to take focus 33 minutes the joys the
joys of having terrible internet but um
I'm gonna try and top up my free G
dongle thing because I've run out of
that pretty quickly as I mentioned
before so yeah we definitely need to
chop that up right now let's see if I
can do it I'm not sure if it will work
and the reason I'm doing this is because
Diamond dimensions still needs to go up
and I try to upload it and it would have
taken 250 minutes which is just over a
grand total of four hours if I'd done my
maths correctly that is ridiculous it
wouldn't have been up until 11 I guess
it's not too bad but it needs to
processed as well so if all else fails
I'm gonna drain this 3G and I need the
3d to work for when I go to insomnia
because otherwise I'm not be able to
upload these vlogs and those webs are
hopefully going to be a super cool out
did it work did it work it's loading
really slowly because I have no data
left on my dongle technically so it's
using some like I don't even know what
it's using right now to access this
website but it's working it's not even
my wife likes I've got that turned off
on my laptop but hopefully it works but
anyway if it doesn't then I don't even
know what I'm gonna do
there must be some kind of mobile
internet somewhere that can work oh no
nothing so yeah I uploaded a turbo
dismount video today which is yesterday
you guys I hopefully you checked it out
if you did what did you think about it I
thought it was a super fun game
you gonna do it again because it was
really good and I think what I'm going
to try out as well is this right here
also been doing some other Disney
affinity stuff as well today with squid
again which was super fun it turned out
to be a better video than we did before
I'm going to try out this tremendous
thing I think because we've got um I
would assert device compatibility I
think it works your works on my Nexus
suite I'm definitely going to try this
so yeah this is gonna be awesome I'm
going to try it on my tablet because
we've got some time to kill before The
Apprentice is on
I think it's on an eight not hundred
percent sure if I want to try this bad
boy out because my tablets sit on the
bedroom floor right now and I know I
didn't load why would you do that to me
yeah okay it's working now and I've
unbox this thing and it looks so cool I
really hope the remote thing works with
like Minecraft and stuff as well that's
why I really want to test out but it
should be awesome
it should be anyway should be sweet
right there I'm gonna sort that out I've
got some mobile good back now so I
should be able to upload diamond
dimensions a little bit quicker but I've
got a transfer to memory stick first and
then do some other things first and then
make sure it uploads
ah so crazy hopefully um the turbo
dismount uploads it's got 20 minutes
remaining so that's not too bad but
hopefully uploads in time to go up by
like eight because that's the latest I
like to leave it before upload in any
kind of video time limit is what we late
as usual
because of my internet but we're looking
into some other options of internet and
the change in all the times I hope that
I can get a decent internet soon but
yeah it's really sucks not having
internet a lot oh my goodness wrestling
bugs wrestling pugs Eddie you're getting
destroyed Eddie does not look happy
look just give up in jelly come on come
on you're terrible fighting that is
trying to liquor so thanks for the bees
thank you
- oh no wait yeah Alex guys I finally
got it set up it took ages to download
because it was like an app that was like
a gig and a half or something so it
finally downloaded and check it out so
this is like the gamepad's it's quite
small actually what's up you guys is it
this she doesn't like the skylander
they're doing like a chorus that looks
epic it looks like a film
don't-don't-don't anyway I want to play
skylanders so look we've got the tablets
up it looks awesome then we've got the
the thing our convoys called
the portal there we go at the ball and
it's wireless and everything is not
which is amazing it's all just powered
by batteries excuse me I'm trying to
talk no let's see what she does to this
I know Ellie will just walk off with it
what is it what you why are you barking
at is it this look let me introduce you
to snapshot you're just gonna chew him
carefully put that blade down afro oh my
goodness I'm gonna play skylanders you
naughty bugs right so I'm gonna place
this on and see what it looks like it
actually is like in 60fps as well it
looks awesome
it's not focusing right right now there
we go and then look I can use the
gamepad to move around stuff this is
incredible
it looks so good
I'm actually really impressed it's
really good but the graphics are good as
well and it's just I've played through
if you've seen on my main channel the
this part already on the Xbox one and it
just looks really good it's definitely
60fps and it's not lagging at all the
controller is Wireless the Porto is
Wireless and I think your other scans
will work on this as well if I need to
take down this Punk right now and I'm
seriously impressed and the other day is
done I come over well Oblast
but I'm sure he's interesting I think it
was Skylanders I think anyway dusty
let's cool bit we're gonna go bed now I
need to upload some stuff overnight to
make sure I've got all the stuff and
docked I think it's good I think it's
good so I got most of my stuff done
which is awesome and I cannot wait for
insomnia now I'm super excited it's
going to be amazing and again for like
the third aynura i'll leave a link in
the description for the insomnia content
schedule because I'll show you why I'm
doing when I still need to put some more
work into my live map otherwise I'm
gonna have absolutely nothing to show
which will be a little bit embarrassing
to say the least
but um I've got half of it on the main
bit done the main building and stuff but
the rest laughter we done later and I'll
be heading into commentary what up would
be now I'll be thinking about heading to
Coventry by the time you see this video
and then on Friday
oh I start to meet you guys which is
gonna be so good but then um I need to
put these bowls to bed so I'm gonna end
this vlog here cuz I need to go and
upload a few things so it's uploaded
overnight thank you so much watching
every was vaguely interesting the sky on
this thing was really cool and in the
comment down below if you want to see
some stuff on the main channel about the
tablet versions I think is really cool
like pretty revolutionary actually is
very interesting never seen stuff like
that before anyway thank you so much
watching if you did enjoy them please
leave a big fat thumbs up and we will
see all tomorrow bye